docs: putting test into each chapter of the tutorial (#1647)
canonical/operator: docs/tutorial/from-zero-to-hero-write-your-first-kubernetes-charm/expose-operational-tasks-via-actions.md

Congratulations, you now know how to expose operational tasks via actions!

> ## Add unit tests for your charm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Write unit tests
```

> Let's add a test case to check the behaviour of the `get_db_info` action that we just set up. In the test case, we set up the context, define the input state with a relation, then run the action and check if the results match the expected values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's add a test to check the behaviour of the `get_db_info` action that we just set up. Our test sets up the context, defines the input state with a relation, then runs the action and checks whether the results match the expected values:
```

```python
def test_get_db_info_action():
    ctx = testing.Context(FastAPIDemoCharm)
    relation = testing.Relation(
        endpoint="database",
        interface="postgresql_client",
        remote_app_name="postgresql-k8s",
        remote_app_data={
            "endpoints": "example.com:5432",
            "username": "foo",
            "password": "bar",
        },
    )
    container = testing.Container(name="demo-server", can_connect=True)
    state_in = testing.State(
        containers={container},
        relations={relation},
        leader=True,
    )

    ctx.run(ctx.on.action("get-db-info", params={"show-password": False}), state_in)

    assert ctx.action_results == {
        "db-host": "example.com",
        "db-port": "5432",
    }
```

> Since the `get_db_info` action has a parameter `show-password`, let's also add another test to cover the case where users want to show password:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since the `get_db_info` action has a parameter `show-password`, let's also add another test to cover the case where users want to show the password:
```

> Since the `get_db_info` action has a parameter `show-password`, let's also add another test to cover the case where users want to show the password:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the `get_db_info` action has a parameter `show-password`, let's also add a test to cover the case where the user wants to show the password:
```

```python
def test_get_db_info_action_show_password():
    ctx = testing.Context(FastAPIDemoCharm)
    relation = testing.Relation(
        endpoint="database",
        interface="postgresql_client",
        remote_app_name="postgresql-k8s",
        remote_app_data={
            "endpoints": "example.com:5432",
            "username": "foo",
            "password": "bar",
        },
    )
    container = testing.Container(name="demo-server", can_connect=True)
    state_in = testing.State(
        containers={container},
        relations={relation},
        leader=True,
    )

    ctx.run(ctx.on.action("get-db-info", params={"show-password": True}), state_in)

    assert ctx.action_results == {
        "db-host": "example.com",
        "db-port": "5432",
        "db-username": "foo",
        "db-password": "bar",
    }
```

> Run `tox -e unit` to make sure all test cases pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `tox -e unit` to check that all tests pass.
```
